## Overview

This analysis provides a foundation for understanding how various decisions and actions associated with the video game industry affect the financial stocks of this industry’s publishers. The video game industry is interesting when exploring finances because the success of a game publisher relies heavily on the financial impact of one-time events. For example, a video game company may spend years developing the next iteration of a game franchise instead of rapidly publishing new games. Their goal in the more systematic approach is to produce a product that will sustain the company until the next project is publicly released. From the unique structure of this industry, one may be interested in understanding how these events heavily impact the industry’s stocks. In theory, a one-time event of this magnitude should substantially influence the activity of stock exchanges and the value of the company’s stock. Likewise, understanding the components of this data is essential to a curious researcher. 

To my knowledge, there is no public data set that captures video game companies as they relate to their financial stocks. So, to contribute to potential research in this industry, my project seeks to create a relational database with video game industry-related data. I collected data through a combination of web scraping and pre-cleaned data sets. General game information was collected through game overview pages on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Video_games_by_year), The Game Awards results were scraped from results pages on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Game_Awards), and game reviews were taken from [OpenCritic](https://opencritic.com/) (a database of game reviews in a similar style to other websites like IMDB). 



